Documentation for new parameters in logstash-output-opensearch 2.0.0 (#1263)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _clients/logstash/ship-to-opensearch.md

    - Environment variables - AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID and AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY (RECOMMENDED since they are recognized by all the AWS SDKs and CLI except for .NET), or AWS_ACCESS_KEY and AWS_SECRET_KEY (only recognized by Java SDK)
    - Credential profiles file at the default location (~/.aws/credentials) shared by all AWS SDKs and the AWS CLI
    - Instance profile credentials delivered through the Amazon EC2 metadata service
- template (path) - You can set the path to your own template here. If no template is specified, the plugin uses the default template.
- template_name (string, default => "logstash") - Defines how the template is named inside Opensearch
- service_name (string, default => "es") - Defines the service name to be used for `aws_iam` authentication.

> - legacy_template (boolean, default => true) - Selects the OpenSearch template API. When `true`, uses legacy templates via the _template API. When `false`, uses composabe templates via the _index_template API.

Reviewer: Fix spelling for "composable". 
```suggestion
- legacy_template (boolean, default => true) - Selects the OpenSearch template API. When `true`, uses legacy templates via the _template API. When `false`, uses composable templates via the _index_template API.
```

    - Environment variables - AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID and AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY (RECOMMENDED since they are recognized by all the AWS SDKs and CLI except for .NET), or AWS_ACCESS_KEY and AWS_SECRET_KEY (only recognized by Java SDK)
    - Credential profiles file at the default location (~/.aws/credentials) shared by all AWS SDKs and the AWS CLI
    - Instance profile credentials delivered through the Amazon EC2 metadata service

> - template (path) - You can set the path to your own template here. If not template is specified, the included template will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- template (path) - You can set the path to your own template here. If no template is specified, Logstash uses the default template.
```

    - Instance profile credentials delivered through the Amazon EC2 metadata service

> - template (path) - You can set the path to your own template here, if you so desire. If not set, the included template will be used.

Reviewer: Remove "if you so desire".
```suggestion
- template (path) - You can set the path to your own template here. If not template is specified, the included template will be used.
```

> - template_name (string, default => "logstash") - defines how the template is named inside Opensearch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- template_name (string, default => "logstash") - Defines how the template is named inside Opensearch
```

> - service_name (string, default => "es") - defines the service name to be used for `aws_iam` authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- service_name (string, default => "es") - Defines the service name to be used for `aws_iam` authentication.
```
